hi people my name is ilya bunin review
at the premiere view of who went such a view
a bit of history we are Slavic
mythical character from hell whose
look kills and his eyes are covered
for centuries which can not lift without
google retold
Ukrainian legend for which he wrote
story adaptation of this film already
there was a lot there even one popular
Soviet and now once again and
filmed only in 3d
new this is a fantasy thriller with
horror elements based on the story
Gogol grounded by the ears
director of the film Oleg Stepchenko
by the way the film was filmed since 2005 and
him his last role played Valery
Zolotukhin early 18th century cartographer
Jonathan Green Jason is playing
Fleming you can do on movie
cards two trunks money
will make an expedition to Ukraine where
falls into a small village in it
strange people live
church large fence and crosses
residents claim this place
damned guard to guard against
evil some local tell
fleming horrible story about home brute
moths iwi who settled there and
Fleming of course tries to raze all
I'll start with the pluses of the film I liked
high-quality costume and makeup
high enough acting
games all this gave fabulousness
film and immersed me in
appropriate atmosphere
as for special effects they are not
only liked chasing wolves for
fleming and you can still find fault with
similarity sticks with the heroine calls in
the rest of the order is also full to me
I liked the script for you
interesting idea of ​​the authors about
churches are essentially a church put up like
form of power it was very relevant
thin interesting i liked how
The authors presented this idea to two large
minus the picture so it is overly tightened
and unnecessary scenes for which the plot
sagged by the middle of the movie
and the end is so general elm and the second is
mounting in places so ragged that with
hard to capture the essence of what is happening in
the result is a film stuck in empty scenes
plenty of information and got pretty
crumpled finish
such that after watching you try
Himself live all on the shelves and understand
that many things do not converge from small
cons this constant boo they and all
there were real heroes of the film
many scenes cut in general would say
that the film is atmospheric overly lengthy
heaped son of the genre is not shit for sure
if we consider that this is our movie so generally
ok but we still didn't like
advise will not go down into the well, I think not
upset and strong now in movies and
blown more shitty movies if you compare
I am a Frankenstein and much better than him
meaning there are nice people watching
until tyrants are king amphitrion which
performed by martial arts master scott edkins
I thirst for more power to seize
another city then his wife the queen
Alcmene Roxanne Macchi becomes discouraged